Add new asset proposal validation details (#1188)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0027-ASSP-asset_proposal.md

## Proposing a new asset

The addition of a new asset is achieved using the on-chain governance system. This requires a [governance proposal](./0028-GOVE-governance.md#new-asset-proposals) type for addition of a new asset to the network's set of supported assets.

This proposal can be initiated by anyone with a sufficient number of vega tokens.

> On top of the standard voting procedure for other governance proposals, network validators also have a vote. The asset validity's (see [asset framework](./0040-ASSF-asset_framework.md)) is verified against the origin blockchain, which allows the vega network to obtain information about the asset (e.g: ticker symbol, name, decimal place, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of the standard voting procedure for other governance proposals, network validators also have a vote. The asset's validity (see [asset framework](./0040-ASSF-asset_framework.md)) is verified against the origin blockchain, which allows the vega network to obtain information about the asset (e.g: ticker symbol, name, decimal place, etc).
```

When exactly the nodes must have approved or not signalled approval of the asset is controlled in the proposal by `validationTimestamp`. This gives proposers the flexibility to propose assets before they exist on an external chain before they are deployed - but for most cases, the validation period should be set early on in the proposal lifecycle. Users can vote on proposals before the chain has validated the asset.

## Validating an asset
As detailed above, the validators will check the validity of the details supplied by the asset proposer. The validation occurs before the `validationTimestamp` provided in the `ProposalTerms`. The following checks should be applied:

### ERC20 assets
- The contract address provided must point to an ERC20 asset on the [bridged Ethereum network](./0031-ETHB-ethereum_bridge_spec.md)
- The contract must not already have an existing asset accepted on the Vega network (note: another _proposal_ could exist for the same asset)
- The name must strictly match the name in the ERC20 contract (e.g. `Wrapped ether`)

> - The symbol must strictly match the symbol (e.g. `VEGA`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The symbol must strictly match the symbol (e.g. `WETH`)
```
